*What is the question you hope to answer?* Is is possible to predict how long a donor will continue to give to a political organization, based on prior giving history? Similarly, are there certain ways of reaching a donor -- mail vs email, high vs low dollar ask-- that can increase the duration of giving for a donor? 

*What data are you planning to use to answer that question?* As part of my work, I have access to a database of political donor transactions and basic demographics (name, state, zip) spanning the last decade. I am hopeful that this information will be sufficent to make some kind of clear prediction, but if needed, I also have access to some basic consumer data on charitable giving that may be useful in this project. In order to use this project for class, I cannot publish the exact source of the data in a public venue, but I am quite familiar with the data, as this is the list I work with on a daily basis at my job. 

*What do you know about the data so far?* Working with this data on a regular basis, I know that the set spans from 2004-2015, and tracks individual gifts, as well as how the gift was given (recurring gift, one-time gift, online, mail, etc.)

*Why did you chose this topic?* I work very closely with our Data Science team at the office, mostly on building models to determine likely targets for new donations. However, the team's bandwith is finite and I've always wondered if there are other aspects of donor behavior that we should be investigating more closely for patterns. I'm hopeful that this project will return some actionable information on our donor pool that will help us both increase our donations and improve our understanding of what kind of people give to the organization. 